Welcome Brits Town, from the Brits Town Comedy Festival in Portland, Oregon, Harmontown,
just now in such a... Oh yeah. Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Hello, thank you. Thank you. Oh, family. Thank you. Jeff, when you warm up the crowd when we go to Portland,
and you talk about how great Portland is, and you ask him how long they've been in Portland,
what do you think I'm going to talk to them about? You're doing my act. I don't have an act. I don't do magic tricks.
That was half my act. I love Portland. I'm glad you're warmed up, but now I got nothing.
Portland can bear both of our love, Dan. Oh, it can. It can bear everybody's. It's a wonderful town.
What's your favorite thing about Portland, Oregon? I love the feeling of ass-kiss exhaustion.
Of loving a city so much that you get mad. Fucking fuck Portland. Every time Aaron and I come here,
we extend our stay by a couple more days, because we're constantly, like I'm sure every person from Los Angeles
talks about moving here, I'm sure. We have to be typical. And so we keep staying here longer and longer,
because we just want to get mad at something. We've got to find out what these people are bad at.
What are you bad at? Parallel parking. Parallel parking. Okay. I'll believe it.
What is the worst thing about being in Portland? Is there a thing that you guys are known for being shitty at
besides parallel parking? Merging? Asshole drivers. Passive aggression. It's very interesting.
Some girl pointed at somebody else that's passive aggression.
Passive aggression when they nod their head, like, tell them, Kevin, what do you mean?
Fucking Kevin, he's the worst. Your yogurt shop that won't let anyone in unless they turn off their phone.
You guys love yogurt still, right? It's still 1993. And Seattle. If there's anything,
I'm telling you now, I'm kind of a Portland expert in one degree, because I want to ask that,
because I'm only ever walking around your town. So four or five visits to Portland, I feel comfortable saying
their homeless population is very distinct. And it's not, like in San Francisco, the homeless population is like,
I think they're Mad Max homeless people, because who doesn't want to be a homeless guy in San Francisco?
It's high stakes. So they're actually people who could own homes here or in LA.
When you become homeless, you want to be in San Francisco so that you feel less homeless.
So the homeless people in San Francisco have garbage can lids for vests.
And they have like gimmicks, like they do card tricks. It's a fucking racket, man. It's like a full time job.
I was walking down the road here on Eastburnside, and is that where we are, right?
Thank you. Wow.
They're sharp. It's 4pm, by the way. We're not going to be funny at 4pm, but you guys are going to be very, like, on your shit.
I'm on three cups of coffee. Yep, yep, yep, yep.
The comedy rule is that nothing's funny when the sun's out, but we're in Portland, so the sun's never out.
I was walking up the road just right here by Sizzle Pie, and there were two just good and proper homeless dudes.
Like, there were two guys hanging out, like, kind of middle-aged white guys that looked like your proper art department winos.
And I was...
They're very well-designed homeless people you guys have here.
They have, like, cool tattoos, dogs.
We got Steve Agee laughing like the Phantom of the Opera up here.
Oh, no!
I thought you were dead!
I forgot we got...
I was walking down the road to go get some Sizzle Pie, which I quite enjoy, and these two guys were sitting there in a doorway, like, lurking,
and just, like, kind of supine and sharing a beer.
And a guy started to, like, gesture to me and say something, and under normal circumstances,
that would be, uh, brother, can you spare a dime?
Have you got any spare change, kind of stuff?
He goes, nice coat, man.
Oh, my God!
He didn't want shit! He wanted to fucking enjoy my coat.
I've been getting that for three days!
I was, Aaron got me this At-At shirt for the Star Wars At-At shirt.
And the whole, maybe, okay, so they're faking it, because they're like, cool shirt, bro.
Wait, wait, were they just here in the doorway, just on the block right here?
Well, everywhere. No, multiple homeless people loved my At-At shirt.
No, they didn't. They're Portland homeless people.
And you guys are secretly vain.
And they are, this is the biosphere.
We're just learning this now.
They're, like, living on the methane of this ocean floor, because there's no sun,
so they're like, okay, compliment their hair on their shirt.
That's the difference between a Portland homeless guy that lives to see a homeless tomorrow.
Even the homeless people are passive-aggressive here.
Wow, a nice, expensive coat you've got there.
But I saw it.
I guess I'll just sit here in the shade and, like, be in a puddle for the rest of my life.
They're more packed up, too, though. They're less solo.
I'm gonna strike out a theory that just from the, I'm sure you guys are sick of being characterized
as, like, wonderfuls and people and, like, liberal and wonderful and nurturing.
There's probably some small part of you that's driving home at night and going,
like, why don't out of towners just understand that I'm fucked up, too?
Just because I can hold a city together doesn't mean I'm a fucking,
I'm this highway to heaven for you when you're coming out of town.
But I'm telling you guys, to the extent that you are Portland,
I mean, you guys are pretty infuriatingly cool and hard to upset.
You're very nice to out of towners.
But there was a guy, I don't know if I can even, I have no idea if he was homeless,
but he was definitely strange.
He was a middle-aged guy and he was holding a skateboard.
I immediately wrote this down.
The last time I was in Portland, I feel like I had an encounter that I had to immediately write down
because, like, they asked for money.
I would have to scroll back through our backlog because I told the story.
They asked for a couple of years ago.
They asked for money, and I think I gave them money,
and then they said, thank you, we're crackheads.
And then some weird, like, kind of flourish.
Like, you got to be careful out here.
I can't remember what it was, but anyways.
But I remember writing it down and presenting it to the show.
And then again, it happened because this middle-aged guy who's like,
had like a kind of riff-raff from Rocky Horror kind of hair style,
and he was holding a skateboard and he was dressed in like,
with like heavy metal kind of like fan,
like a heavy metal concert goer kind of clothes,
but like also kind of fucked up like he's been,
he's seen a couple nights under a bridge,
but he's holding a skateboard and had the riff-raff hair,
and was like my age, and as we passed each other,
when I was eight feet from him, he said,
do you have a cigarette?
So I had four feet to say, no, I don't, sorry.
And then as he passed me, even though neither of us slowed down,
he said, do you have any Mortal Kombat stuff?
Please tell me you said yes.
Well, I have to stress though that it was like,
then I was four feet, there were eight feet apart,
and I just, but commenced 30 years of head scratching,
that'll never, this is why I need to believe in God,
because I need to believe that these moments will be explained to me.
That guy, he was, he was, he wanted to,
he had, he was, he just got kicked out of his place,
and he had a bag full of Mortal Kombat like stuff,
and he just wanted to tell you stuff, and I'm like, oh good.
And then God says like, plus you had eight spiders in your mouth.
Any more trivia you want to know?
Yes, like lots of stuff, like you could spend 500 years
analyzing the 57 years I'm going to be here.
I got in the car from my hotel, or my hotel,
like a decent walk from here,
and I was getting a ride over here,
and there was a guy on the road carrying a skateboard,
and I think it was a guy because he looked like me
if he had a skateboard.
If I was walking down the street with a skateboard
and wasn't wearing a suit, my height,
my kind of haircut, like my build,
and yet, perfect tits.
It was a guy, it was clearly a guy,
and he had like beautiful bouncing boobs in his shirts,
and he was just cruising down the road with a skateboard.
I'm like, that's a good town.
This is Jeff Davis with delicious double D
is walking down the road.
That's specific enough that that guy's probably listening,
I think, I know.
So, call in.
I want to, speaking of reaching out to specific fans
and wondering things, I had a strange,
because I caught myself doing something so odd today.
I know that there's differently abled Harmontown fans,
I don't know if there's any here tonight,
but specifically wheelchair using folk.
That's the term, right?
Nailed it.
I'm so frightened of everything now.
It expresses itself so much more, the bigot sounding,
wheelchair using folk.
You're great, you're Eleanoldo, you're nailing it.
I passed a guy in a wheelchair,
and I caught myself, this was the first time in 42 years,
I was conscious of my behavior,
because I wonder if any differently abled Harmonians,
have you ever, do you constantly experience something
that I would call the wheelchair smile?
From non-differently abled people?
Because I made this weird face,
like this very polite kind of like,
I was like, what did I mean by that face?
Like, nice wheelchair, what did I mean?
What does that face mean?
And I wonder if people that are bound...
Nice spokes.
Yeah, like what does that face mean?
I bet it makes them feel like living ghosts,
and makes them very upset,
because it's not a natural face,
why can't you just see me as a human being?
You fat piece of shit.
Welcome to Portland.
I'm the only angry person in Portland.
Dan, let's say, God forbid,
that you had some accident or some debilitating illness that made you...
Sooner than it will inevitably happen, yes.
That you were wheelchair bound,
and you were going down the road or here in a crowd,
what look would you like to get from other people?
Well, obviously I would like...
I mean, it's not a funny answer,
but I would like no look, I would like...
We all remember...
Well, we don't all remember, you're 22.
The...
This was the 80s definition.
I've referenced this before.
The 80s definition of political correctness was on different strokes
when Arnold was introduced to a kid in a wheelchair.
Every sitcom back then had one episode about a kid in a wheelchair,
and I think they got money from London or something if they did it.
It's the handicapped capital of the world.
None of this makes sense.
It's four in the afternoon, I'm already drunk.
Suffer through this.
Hey, Avalon, hey, how are you doing, buddy?
Let's talk about Avalon in a second.
And then we'll have guests, and we'll do a show.
Arnold Jackson, that was his name,
Gary Coleman's character in different strokes.
He befriends a kid in a wheelchair,
and they have like a play date.
And then he...
I think Arnold refuses the call to adventure.
He's like, I don't want to be friends with a guy in a wheelchair.
That's uncomfortable.
And then the road to trials is like they share action figures or something,
and they're like making friends.
And then Arnold says, like, come on, I want to show you my goldfish.
Let's go upstairs.
And he runs up the stairs and then stops halfway up the stairs
and turns back around and looks at the kid in the wheelchair and says,
I'm sorry, I forgot you were...
And then the kid in the wheelchair, like half for the narrative
and mostly for the planet, like goes, Arnold, that's the nicest thing
anyone's ever said to me.
And the audience applauds instead of laughing,
which is how you know it's the 80s when a sitcom could get a pause
for not being funny.
Because it's like, there were three channels
and it was a secretly socialist, like, fascist regime.
It was like dividing 200 million people three ways.
And as I've already pointed out,
every year they'd have a battle of the network stars.
It was like, the Hulk is fighting the bionic woman.
They're from different networks.
Go fuck yourself.
This isn't capitalism.
What are you going to do?
Take your TV watching elsewhere?
So anyways, and now we don't know what to do.
Now we're like, how do you be a human
and we're trying to learn?
Because I don't think that's a person in a wheelchair.
It's fantasy is for someone to go halfway upstairs
and then say, I forgot you were...
That's not their fantasy.
That doesn't make their day.
Avalon is this guy in this powder blue sport jacket,
which you were wearing when I met you.
Homeless.
This is the city for it.
I just thought it was...
I'm not going to re-deliver this right,
but when I met him, a very friendly guy,
a huge fan and very nice,
and I asked his name and he said, Avalon.
And so to demonstrate the timing
because it requires overlap,
I'll be Avalon.
You ask me my name, I'll tell you Avalon,
and then while you're...
I want to be Avalon.
I can't be Avalon.
You can't be Avalon.
You have to be me for a second, okay?
Okay, all right.
So I'll tell you my name's Avalon
and then you hear the name and react to it
and I'll try to...
You can't react as you would have reacted
or as anybody would react.
Yeah, but just by repeating the name,
puzzle through it.
Okay, I'll do what he did.
It's very nice to meet you.
My name is Avalon.
My mother thought she was having a stripper.
That's what he said while I was going,
Avalon?
Very charming.
Sometimes having a pat response to something
is very not charming.
Why don't you live in the moment?
But your name is Avalon,
to have a fucking calling card like that?
That's very charming.
All right, Avalon, that's it.
Flush.
That's it.
So Avalon, is there a story to your name
or is it just a name your parents thought was groovy?
I think my parents like listening to rock music.
Oh, okay, there you are.
Yeah, that's how old we are.
Yeah, he said, I think my parents
like listening to rock music and fucking...
Like, I don't know, it's like...
Avalon's a cool name.
The music I still listen to is classic.
All right, a couple more questions
that I want to bring up a friend that I met last night.
Are we doing an hour, an hour and a half or two hours?
Does anyone know?
Well, I know you guys...
It's not up to you guys.
You guys don't work here.
How much do you want your tickets to be worth?
More, more.
Because God knows I'm great in that last half hour.
That's when it gets really good.
I'm just worried the ghost of Steve Agee
will kill us at one point.
Well, you know that's not...
Steve Agee's not here, that's the ghost of...
Oh, no!
That's the ghost of Count Basanova.
He died during a long set by a bad comic.
We're going to bring Steve Agee down
because I have a topic I want to address later on in the show.
Okay, just a couple random thoughts.
Okay, so when you guys are walking in Portland
because there's a lot of joggers,
does everyone...
Is this an abused child thing?
Or when you're walking...
When you're walking on the sidewalk...
This is Dan's how you know you're a redneck sketch.
If you're only nice to people for the first three months,
you know them.
You might be an abused child.
The more you punish them,
your father might have thrown you around like a rag doll.
Hilarious.
When you're walking down the sidewalk
and you hear a jogger behind you,
do you...
Is your first interpretation of their feet on the pavement
and the rhythm of it...
Do you first, before your consciousness has time to reinterpret it,
do you think that they have a baseball bat
and they're about to kill you?
Or is that like some mild PTSD that I have?
Well, I'm walking on the sidewalk.
How many joggers come up behind me
while I'm on my way to another drink?
Because it's jogging time.
It's 9 a.m. and I'm like,
oh, my father's place is open.
And it was because it's Mother's Day.
I was the most charming thing I've ever seen.
No one in L.A. has mothers.
The only mothers in L.A. are sitting in a dark living room
watching their old movies and smoking themselves to death.
Their children moved away.
But it's nice to be in a city with moms on Mother's Day.
Because I walked into my father's place
and it's like a dive bar,
but it has a restaurant attached.
It used to be a trek stop,
and every booth was filled with clearly,
like, I was like, there's a mom, there's a mom.
Like, they're a little dressed up,
and they went to a dive bar and had a good breakfast.
I hate Portland.
Fucking rubbing it in our faces.
It's like a homeschooled kid.
You're the homeschooled kid of the nation.
You don't understand how the world works.
Learn social cues.
What's wrong with you?
You're technically nice, but goddammit, at what price?
Get more dogs.
Sarcasm.
I want to come here for my dogs.
Okay, jogging bats out.
Okay, so I found out anything.
I ran into a couple of stupid people here,
but they're from L.A., they're from L.A.
And I came up with a new technique,
and every time I talk to a stupid person,
instead of so that I don't get mad,
I'm going to think of them as a really smart animal.
Like, if they say something,
you're like, why would you say that?
Why would you ask me about that?
And they're like, wow, because you're a super smart dog.
An amazing dolphin.
All right, that's it.
That's all I got for my little dumb quasi stand-up segment.
Let's bring Steve A.G. out to the crowd.
Now, shall we?
Steve A.G.
The Phantom of the Opera is here.
Hey, Tori, is that mine?
Oh, you...
This is going to ask Tori for a drink.
Oh, no.
I didn't see.
I turned one way.
Are you okay?
Okay.
It's been Tori.
Steve A.G., everybody.
Wait, is this water?
Sure.
Okay, all right.
I think...
I was going to...
Yeah, okay.
A.G. Tracing Dicks.
Tracing Dicks.
Trace.
It's a nerd poker reference.
Oh, okay.
How are you doing, A.G.?
Pretty good.
You enjoy Portland, Oregon?
I love it.
I've been here a week.
Yeah?
What's your highlight?
A lot of marijuana.
I was going to say drugs,
but that sounds like everything,
but marijuana.
Sounds like the highlight
almost erases itself.
Yeah.
What's the big highlight?
White joint.
White joint?
Like you almost couldn't...
Racist drugs.
I think we talked about this
when we brought it up recently
in a Harmontown.
The idea of the super cool,
remember that?
Does anyone ever do that anywhere?
Do you ever put a PCP in a joint?
One person, I think.
It's called super cool?
Super cool.
That sounds super cool.
My friend friend did a super cool
outside of Jabberjaw.
Did you ever go to that?
Yeah.
It was a great rock and roll venue
in kind of a shitty part of LA
on Arlington and Pico.
And just for like Jabberjaw
and Bikini Kill
and all the kind of power,
like carp and stuff like that,
unwound, really great bands.
And you could go there
and you could buy a joint
from a guy in the corner,
but you only had PCP in it.
And then you'd watch one of your friends
have a fucking nervous breakdown
in front of you.
Ugh.
There's always those drugs
when the only time you hear about them
is when someone's explaining
why something fucked up happened
in like movies and stuff.
So you always wonder,
like, you go like,
why would anyone ever do a speedball?
I only ever hear about it
when someone dies.
Yeah.
But there must be like a version
of a speedball where you like,
it's like really fun.
I think, I think you,
you probably do a speedball twice.
The first time worked,
the second time didn't.
Yeah.
I'm going to Bogota, Colombia
to shoot something
and someone was telling me...
To shoot what, Steve?
A speedball?
To shoot what?
To shoot this vein right there
with the purest cocaine, Jeff.
But someone was telling me
they saw a vice documentary
on like this new drug.
And it's specific to Bogota
where I'm going where it's a powder
and they just blow it in your face
and all of a sudden you're fully
under their control
and they're like, come on,
let's go to the ATM
and you're like, okay, let's go.
This is Serpent of the Rainbow.
You're describing Serpent of the Rainbow.
Serping what?
Serpent in the Rainbow.
Yes.
That's what happened to Bill Pullman
except they put him in a coffin
instead of an ATM.
But this is the thing
and you take out all your money,
give it to them
and you're just totally agreeable
and then you wake up the next day
and you're like, where's my money?
But what if you're with a friend?
Can you blow it in your friend's face
and like you have a great night
or do you...
I think so.
Does anyone know about this drug?
He saw it.
Flowers grow on trees there?
Are you sure this is that weird
because I did a lot of cocaine in my 20s
and very often you'd have stuff
given to you
and end up walking to an ATM
and feeling very good
about some very dirty people.
This is great.
I'll tell my parents
I need twice as many groceries.
Anyways.
So did we ever figure out
is it 90 minutes, two hours, an hour?
Andy told me you have two hours.
Oh, sweet.
Okay, good.
Because I'm just getting warmed up.
I'm just getting warmed up.
They're going to call it
Warmland pretty soon
because I'm going to...
Okay, I'm done.
I'm done.
Wait, so if we do a two-hour show
the sun will still be up
and we're done.
Yep.
That's where they like it.
I'll see someone funny.
Then we're all going to go to Union Jax
and do PCP.
Ooh.
Everyone come out to the...
Yeah, there's some shows like that
so I heard somebody brought everybody
out to a parking lot
and there was Darth Vader
on a unicycle.
I would say 10 years ago
I went to Union Jax, I think by myself
because you go to strip clubs alone
and Union Jax, for those of you
that do not live in Portland
is one of Portland's shadier strip clubs
in a great way.
And I think every girl there was a drug dealer
because I ended up with all of them
back in my hotel room
as there was a fucking
pharmacopeia of drugs there.
Every one of them opened up their purse
and had just wild ass
exotic class A drugs on them.
It was really good.
So we're going to Union Jax after this.
We've established that.
All right, so I want to bring
a friend that we made last night.
I was talking to our friend Jonah Ray
and he had this friend there
and I was talking to him
and part way into the conversation
I was like, okay, stop.
You should come on Harmontown
and talk about this stuff
and I promise it's a safe place
because what he was talking about
was very mythical
and I don't want to...
I'm a horrible interviewer
so I don't want to say at the top
why I thought he'd make an interesting guest
and then he comes out and goes like,
well, what you said.
Let's explore it together.
So let's explore him together.
I mean, he's being really cool
coming here
and make him feel safe
and open your mind
and your heart to his humanity.
No one does that in Portland, right?
Bill Pullman!
Tom Hanks, everybody!
Bill Pullman's the funniest question.
I would have an amazing introduction
of just like a random cameo.
Pat and Mazel, guys,
just open your hearts in your mind.
Open your heart to his humanity.
Andy Kindler, everybody.
I want to say, Craig, are you up there?
Are you ready to come down?
Craig, bring it down here, would you?
Craig Flippi, come down here.
Oh, shit, I should be.
When you have a guest on your show,
it makes it good.
Sit anywhere you like.
Hello, Craig.
Sorry, I'm a little nervous when we go to town
so I'm less entertaining
and I have more guests.
So, Craig, I met you last night
at the hotel
and then you started talking.
He's like, there's layers here.
There's layers.
Sure.
First top layer, superficial layer,
you're a bigfoot hunter.
Uh...
enthusiast.
He's already a bigfoot enthusiast.
You can't say hunter.
You gotta really eat the mic.
He's gotta eat the mic.
Well, there are guys,
we talked a little bit about the bigfoot hunting community
and there's guys who want to kill bigfoot
and there's guys who want to protect bigfoot.
Yeah, so they don't say bigfoot hunters.
Some of them do,
but that's like the Texas guys.
They shoot to kill, basically.
They want to shoot first
and ask questions later on bigfoot.
There's so many questions.
Yeah, I know, there are a million questions.
It's to protect the species, to have a body.
Can you divide the kill bigfoot people
into two people?
Are there people who want to kill bigfoot
to protect the species
and people who want to kill bigfoot
because they hate them?
Yeah, or they have like a polar bear already.
Like a rhino.
How would killing a bigfoot
protect the species?
Well, you can study them.
Well, then you say, oh, okay.
They must be in danger.
Yeah, these liberal assholes.
It's even more endangered.
If we just nut up and shoot the fucker,
we could get one.
But these liberal peaceniks
who are trying to trap them with a big box
and a carrot and a stick,
that's why we haven't gotten one yet.
Let's get some more.
But more importantly, I think the second layer
is that you're at kind of a crossroads.
Can I ask how old you are? Is that rude?
Yeah, I guess you have to remember.
I think I'm 38.
You think you're 38.
You're roughly my age
and you're a little younger,
but not by a significant factor.
Why am I talking about that?
Who cares how our ages are different?
Forget about bigfoot.
How many years are we apart?
So your feelings about the Clintons
are a little more cynical.
You can hum more bars
of video killed the radio star.
But
what made me
kind of stop you and go,
well, no, there were two things.
The second layer is
you are kind of at this duality place
where you're comfortable with the idea
that bigfoot does not exist.
Right, yeah.
You were like, do you think it exists or not?
And I'm like, I can't give you that
answer, sir.
It's hard to be a bigfoot hunting
agnostic.
Yeah, that's a tough gig.
Yeah.
Because you're probably a sale on all
sites by...
I didn't touch anything.
I did not touch anything.
That does make me think though
that when we're done with the brief conversation
we should have Spencer come out
and take Craig through
a role-playing bigfoot hunt.
But it's just off the cuff.
I mean, that's how my mind works.
I could show you a few techniques.
Craig, what was the
origin for you,
your origin story of getting into the
bigfoot mythology?
This book's in the library
when I was a kid.
And also, my dad
was always supposed to take me on an epic
bigfoot hunting journey. There's the third layer.
Yeah.
That's when I stopped you and said,
you need to come meet my friends.
The first layer is he's a bigfoot hunter.
The second layer is he's an agnostic bigfoot hunter.
The third layer is the reason
he can do that is because
his fucking dad. And I started to weep
and...
Because this is what
religion should be.
This is folk mythology.
It's self-created.
Yeah, I felt like I found Jesus.
But...
Craig, do you believe
that it's possible that there are such
things as Sasquatches?
Yeah, it's totally possible.
If you really look into it,
get down in the layers of it.
The forests are bigger than we think.
Yeah, that was
one of the first turning points where
when I was out by myself and I'm looking
and I'm like, this is so fucking crazy.
The first thing a crypto zoologist would tell
you is, I think,
you know,
they'd start saying numbers.
There's 70,000 species
that we've built and we've discovered
3,000 new ones a day and blah, blah, blah.
The giant panda was discovered in like
32 or something? Yeah, there was like
a giant squid that someone discovered.
Or that new drug in Bogota,
Columbia.
But okay,
so let's start at what I think
is the core of the onion.
An onion is a good metaphor because
you're gonna make me cry.
Let's start with your dad.
You said your dad was supposed
to take you big for a curtain.
Yeah, okay.
You sound hesitant.
When I was talking to you,
I was like, this is the whole fucking reason
I'm doing this. It's like a dad thing.
My dad fucking hit me
with the wrong end of the belt.
Your dad promised to take you.
Is it embarrassing you?
I was never really talking
about it.
Take a tiny step by tiny step
and I will protect you the entire way.
I think.
I'm probably not good at that. Apparently
he was one of the best drug dealers
in Connecticut where I grew up.
Your father was?
What qualified him as the best drug dealer
in Connecticut? I don't know.
That's what his friend told me.
He's like, dude, me and your dad,
I never trusted anyone like him.
We'd go to bed in the same hotel room
with thousands of dollars
and wake up together.
They started it weird.
You lost your dad at what point?
I was 12 or 13.
Good age to lose a dad.
It was perfect.
Nothing to damage there.
My wife lost her mom
when she was a teenager.
I often tease her about it.
She's like,
can I have the remote?
And I'm like, no, your mom died.
You barely know what a mom is.
We're watching Naked and Afraid.
The funny part is that you're not joking.
Aaron's mad right now and it's not
because she's offended.
It's because she's like, that's my act.
Oh, nice.
She's like, I own that shit.
I make people uncomfortable with that.
Anyway, so...
He died in heroin overdose in Tenderloin.
Yeah, so to have a guy say,
your dad was the best at drugs.
Yeah, he did. He won.
He won.
Yeah.
But he had said to you,
so this sounds a little bit like,
I hope my dad isn't listening,
but I hope if my dad is listening,
I want my dad to know that I love him
and I don't judge him and I don't mean to vilify him,
but being a kid raised by somebody
who has another relationship with other stuff,
whether it's workaholism
or booze or anything,
you mythologize it
for a good reason.
So my dad would,
he would get drunk
and he'd get really excited
about really specific stuff.
We're going tobogganing tomorrow
and start fixing up the toboggan
and then he'd go just a quick nap
and then we're going to go tobogganing
and then it was Tuesday and it was like,
what about the tobogga?
There's spider eggs in it.
We were building a robot together
and it has one arm still.
I was trying to make you feel safer
to talk about this.
You brought up more memories.
So your dad
who lost his life in that tragic way
who was obviously fighting that demon,
he had tried to have a relationship
with you and part of that was he told you...
Yeah, he's like,
I'm going to fly you out to Bluff Creek,
Northern California with a Patterson film,
the famous.
He's like, we're going to go there,
we're going to find one, blah, blah, blah.
I mean, that's not as...
And you were how old? Like 10?
Yeah, like 10.
Which is like the height.
You're Elliot in E.T.
Your mind is a sponge
and it's soaking in
like you're a goonie.
Pretty much.
Every day is an adventure
and he's just a guy
and he's saying to a kid...
You're going to make me cry now.
So he's like, we're going to go,
my mom was separated,
but she had these fucking scumbag guys
like, oh, sorry, this is live.
This is going to get...
Well, no, no, no, it's not live, but also...
I'll tell her not to listen.
Are you worried about your mom?
We can lift something.
If you say anything that you want lifted,
we will lift it.
Speak freely from the heart if you decide later.
Because we have to edit it a little bit.
So we're not live.
Amateur hour over here, sorry guys.
So...
Now I'm going to cry.
Now I'm crying.
Just heard something.
So...
So a stepdad of sorts
says, oh, you want to find big foot out?
You find big foot boy?
Oh, no.
Yeah, it started like off wrong
right away, right?
We hop in the truck
and he takes me out to the woods.
This isn't going to be as bad as it sounds.
Okay, it's going to be...
Thank God!
That was the sound of...
That was a...
a 250-person
bow and arrow pulled out.
And you said that and the arrow went...
We were all ready for...
anything.
Holy shit.
All right.
You want to meet big foot?
I'll show you big foot.
He takes me to this field
and
and he's like...
It's still going to happen.
It's just not as bad as he thinks it's going to be.
All right, keep going.
So he's like, oh,
there's tons of big foot here.
You just got to go look.
You got to go look for the tracks.
So I'm like, all jazzed up,
running through the field,
looking and even then
I was like, there's no fucking tracks here.
Like...
So he was just being kind of a deadbeat big foot hunter.
Yeah.
It's just like a shitty, there's a train track.
A Snipe Hunt.
Was he hazing you or was he just being lazy?
Was he trying to do good but he was just kind of shitty?
He was drinking in the truck.
Do you think he was trying to
be a good dad or do you think he was
like actually being cruel to you?
I think he was an alcoholic.
Like really bad.
So I don't know what he was like.
Maybe he was nice but he didn't know.
Yeah, well I would project on to that
because I think part of
my history is
I think kids tend to blame themselves
and then deify people
who are kind of their fuck ups.
They're like, oh, he was being cool but
he meant well. So who knows maybe?
I don't know. I guess maybe...
I don't know. You have to know all about this guy.
I don't know. He's just like, big foot doesn't exist.
Oh, so...
That's when you got back in the truck.
That's like the equivalent of teaching you to swim by throwing you out of a boat.
He's like, there's big foot out there.
Go find him. Two hours later, told you.
Doesn't exist. Yeah, exactly.
Show me a footprint. Fuck you. Let's go home
and watch Nova.
So I quit after that.
Like soon after that I was just
like, you felt a little...
Regardless of his intention,
your experience was you felt a little humiliated
and chastened and you drew back.
I was like, oh, that's stupid to think that's real.
And again, this is like something that your dad...
So then, okay, so then
what age were you when this got
reawakened in you?
27. It's awesome.
I mean, that's the age. That's the right age.
Right. I know you said that like
it should be 14. It should be...
You're an adult and all of a sudden you're...
Carl Jung
described like
when he started exploring the collective unconscious,
he's like, I need to understand this shit better.
So what he focused on was his childhood
and he went and played in a sandbox.
Literally like he was just like, I'm gonna...
Or maybe he had like little...
He used to like make little models when he was a kid.
He did everything he could remember doing
when he was a kid, revisited that stuff
and he said his dreams started to become more
vivid and active
and he was able to analyze them better
when he was touching back.
It makes perfect sense because the human mind
has two protocols.
It's supposed to be adaptable,
i.e. it's supposed to be able to make a world out of
anything around it, but also
it has to be like this spartan, vicious,
nasty, calloused machine
that protects
everything that hurts it then gets turned
into a defense system.
And so you're experiencing this duality
which is amazing because you're like
you've achieved every
person's dream really, which is like
you have a relationship with a thing
that doesn't need to exist or not exist
and it's about
the only, the first guy
you ever met who
created you and who made mistakes
and... Fought her.
So now,
I met your wife up there
and I couldn't get a read on her.
I don't know if she like...
She is...
You're a very lovely wife, Brianna.
Yeah.
I have no idea. She described at one point
like you guys fell in love and like
you were talking about like, there was
a point in your relationship where the courtship
was over and you had sealed the deal and then one day
you were like, I got to go for three months.
And you were like, wow, that's got to be
every woman's greatest dream.
Is the husband
at the foot of the bed putting on the camouflage jacket
and going, there's a creature out there.
Yeah.
And she's like, now there is?
Now?
Are you sure this isn't a reaction to
yesterday's breakfast?
What is going on?
But anyway...
So Craig,
how much, like, actively,
are you out in the field, like, actually
actively looking for Sasquatch?
I just call it camping.
You know, like...
So passive aggressive.
That's great, though.
That's perfectly...
Oh, she got down again.
Dammit, chef.
Little camping music.
Well, let's...
Okay, can we bring Spencer down at this point?
Yeah, Spencer Crittenden!
I don't know. I don't know how this is going to work.
All right.
If that falls,
that's entertainment.
Maybe not.
That looks like it's going to fall into the audience, Spencer.
I mean, you know...
That's going to impale Avalon's eye.
Avalon seems like a hearty guy.
Yeah, he can survive anything.
His parents named him Avalon and he's walking.
He's walking tall.
Spencer, it's always a delight to bring you
to Portland where you, like,
suddenly fit in.
People, you know, you keep...
And Dustin, they share that.
Dustin Marshall, everybody.
I'm always so excited to see them
walk into a bar in Portland
when no one looks up, because
it's like bringing a baby tiger cub
to one of those preserves.
And it jumps out the car window
and you're like, oh, I can't go.
What do you mean by that, though?
This is like the second third time
I've heard a baby tiger all this.
I don't know
what are you guys like
that I'm also like?
You just cut the silhouette of a Portlandier.
I wish I did.
I mean, I'm the silhouette of, like,
all sorts of, like, an Arkansas man
or, like, any guy
that wields some sort of cutting implement.
Like, I have...
I match a lot of trucker.
I match a lot of silhouettes.
Yeah, but it's this response
that makes you fit in here.
Because if I...
If I took you to Arkansas,
someone might go,
I bet he can saw real good.
Also the fact that you
walked down Burnside
with a blue ox.
I think a lot of people...
Well, that's just bad.
You have a beard and you're large
and a little zen.
That's not how I view Portlandiers.
Very passive aggressive.
Well, I guess beard.
And practical.
And...
I don't think Portlandiers are practical.
No offense, Portland.
Oh, my God.
How do you think they're impractical?
I'd say they're the picture of impracticality.
All right, well, let's...
I think they're ready to hear it.
Give it to them.
All right, Portland, give me something to make fun of.
Tall bikes.
What?
Is that a practicality thing?
That's just... That's feeding me.
Gold.
I've got to spin something into it.
Donuts.
Don't, don't. They're a sponsor.
The dark underbelly of Portland.
Controlled by big donut.
Well, I mean...
Donuts are a very practical food, though,
like you could string them on a rope and you're good to go.
All right.
You're a contrarian.
You should take you to the state of contraria.
Is that what Portland is?
No.
I don't know. You look like a lumberjack. That's it.
Well, I guess, see,
I don't picture Portland as a lumberjack city.
Maybe I'm wrong. I mean, they could be.
Are you guys lumberjacks?
If you can hunt Bigfoot here,
anywhere you can hunt Bigfoot,
you can shrink the forest.
Jack's lumber?
There's forest to be turned into paper and stuff.
All right. Well, Spencer, all right.
This is...
I got off on the wrong foot with you.
Well, I'm sure you're right.
I think I've agitated you.
I've aggroed you in video game terms.
But I was wondering...
We have to walk a tightrope if we do this,
but I really believe we can do this.
Like, it just came up
off the top of my head that Craig's up here.
He's a really fucking cool,
smart sport, super sensitive.
He's, like, bared his soul
to a totally supportive group of people
who are in this town hall,
or in this amazing city
that sits atop the bosom of the ocean
and doesn't reward people
for his sweatiness and ambition
and dishonesty and says, like,
whoever you are is who you are.
Even the homeless people are comfortable
and they have backpacks.
They have homeless. They have dogs and wives.
How do you get that many tattoos if you're homeless?
Like, tattoos are like...
That's like having a hot tub.
That's something you get after you get a home.
But that's me being
from California thinking that way.
That's ridiculous. I'm like, Tim Allen.
So, anyways...
It's a good place to do it.
It's a good experiment. You're young.
Craig is awesome.
Like, Bigfoot mythology.
Could we experiment
with doing just a quick
like, kind of like a campaign,
like a role-playing campaign?
Could you find, like,
the nature guide in you
to, like, create a quick campaign
where our car breaks down
and we go into the woods and something happens
that can
help Craig achieve
just weightlessness
and a tone
with the cosmos?
Fathers!
Spencer, do you want to give it a whirl?
I don't. Wait, what?
No, you can't.
It wouldn't work.
Just try it out.
Can you do an RPG for us right now
where it's a Bigfoot world?
The four of us,
Dan Craig, Steve and I are in a car.
The car breaks down.
We're just outside of Portland.
And maybe this is Sasquatch.
You're just describing it.
We're going to create a simulation
where Craig gets to catch Bigfoot.
Spoilers.
Well, what
system should we use?
Warhammer.
Let's do, like, a pathfinder.
A lot of you are in audio.
That was the sound of my eyeballs on the back of my head.
Let's do, like, a pathfinder,
kind of simple, like, D&D kind of thing.
All right.
All right, Spencer, this is a curved bobble.
Let's let her up.
Let's just try it.
Let's see if we can come up with an intro.
Aren't you glad we smoked all that weed, Spencer?
What's the worst that can happen, Steve?
I mean...
Last time on Harmontown.
Wait, no.
You...
It's been two hours since the car broke down,
and you've yet to see signs
of human life
on the road.
Glows come from south.
You think that you might be able to make it back to town,
but the quickest way is through the woods.
You're not sure
how to proceed, whether you should
leave the safety of your car
and vent your outer.
Stay safe inside.
Go.
Who's driving?
It's a broken down car.
Who's at the wheel?
I can't get any reception out here, dude.
I think we have to walk.
He's at the wheel?
He's kicking ass right now is what he's doing.
There's like...
I'm AT&T.
Is anyone else not on AT&T?
I got no bars out here.
I'm on Verizon.
I got nothing.
I used my power
to talk to animals,
and I...
I call out,
Chipmunk!
Your cry
echoes out in the woods.
You hear the scattering of birds,
Chipmunks.
Did you roll that?
He doesn't have any dice,
but why are you saying
you have the power to talk to Chipmunks?
That's insane.
It's worth a fucking try.
No.
I mean, I don't want to be critical,
but if I was, it would go something like this.
Steve just blew
some of that Bogota powder in my mouth.
I don't know
I don't know when it's going on.
I talk to all the Chipmunks
and it's like, do you have dice?
Did you roll that?
Let's get serious.
This is why system is important.
I say even though Dan, I know what you're going to say,
because you're the adventurer, Ted,
that wants to walk through the woods
rather than get back in the car
and they tell you to stay put when you get lost.
They tell you that?
You didn't even know that.
You're probably going to say
let's just wander towards that glowing part
in the woods and let's roll the dice.
Do you know
that this neighborhood of the woods
is supposed to be lousy
with Sasquatch?
You actually believe in Sasquatch?
Yes, I do and I'll tell you why.
Fuck you, we're going through the woods.
Fuck you, Steve.
Well, wait a minute, this guy we're traveling with, Craig.
Yeah, you guys didn't know this
about me up until now, but
um...
We were just
out cabinet shopping with you
because you also are into woodwork.
I love
polishing steel
to a mirror finish.
The best wood.
That's what you want to call it, Craig.
And so, what do you think?
Is this Bigfoot Country?
Definitely Squatchy, bro.
Yeah.
Squatchy.
That guy tried to
initiate a standing O that I approve of.
Squatchy.
As far as it's Squatchy,
shit, man.
Look, guys, I'm a pragmatist.
We'll freeze to death tonight.
There's glowing in that direction.
In our wildest dreams, we'd stumble upon
a creature
Oh, it's Bigfoot.
They travel, guys,
they travel like lights through the forest sometimes.
What?
That sounds like new age.
Well, it's one faction.
I use my low light vision to look for the forest.
You're not...
Just follow us.
Why would we be excited
to find Bigfoot if you were an elf?
You're a guy, you're just...
You're you, you're a guy.
I'm just trying to have fun, Dan.
We're out in the woods.
We're trying to make the best of a bad situation.
Okay, so...
Look, he doesn't have low light vision.
We're human beings.
It's 2015.
We're broken down in a car.
It's freezing.
We're going to die if we stay here.
Chipmunk!
I'm getting out of the car
and I'm going to at least walk
towards the glow until I get bars on my phone.
Craig, I'd appreciate it if you came with
because you seem rugged.
Yeah, bro.
I got a map pocket on this jacket, so yeah.
A map pocket?
Like, what do you mean?
Alright.
Yeah.
But no map?
Cell phone.
They're better download apps.
Alright.
Where's the glow?
To the south.
Head south.
I don't believe in Bigfoot,
but if we do run into one,
he's the guy to have with us.
So let's just go.
We need to kill one to save them
on this.
If we do find one,
okay, we're killing it.
I think there's enough of us that we can do it.
We're all agreed right now.
If we see a Bigfoot, kill it.
Yeah, we're all coincidentally,
even though we're now first being asked
what kind of Bigfoot enthusiast we are,
we're all in the Ted Nugent camp.
Just by coincidence.
We're going to eat it too.
Spencer, we move south.
As you're trudging south,
the glow gets brighter.
Behind you, you can hear rustling of leaves
and you check behind you,
but you see nothing.
Chipmunks.
There's no chipmunks around here.
I called out earlier, nothing happened.
It's your phone chirps.
One of you might have reception.
I look at my phone.
Still no bars, not me.
Not me, man.
Oh, shit.
It's an old, I'm sorry,
it's an old push notification from Instagram.
Craig and I got our phones mixed up
because mine was in his map pocket.
You should look at your phone again.
Yeah, I got them.
What does he got?
It sounds like reception.
Oh yeah, you get reception?
Yeah, check it out.
Alright, cool.
What's your text message from your grandpa?
Oh.
It is.
It says...
What does it say?
I can't quite read it.
Can you?
It says...
I use my low light vision to read his text message.
Dammit, goddammit.
So close, so close to intimacy.
It says,
hey kiddo, remember
that knife you have?
I took it from you. You don't have it anymore.
I'll see you at home.
Alright, typical grandpa.
That was fucked up.
Alright.
I break a branch off of a tree
and as we walk
I sharpen it with a stone
just in case.
Shit.
I pull out my emerald dagger.
As you near the glow
you can hear.
We were in a car! Why would you...
I never go into a forest
without bringing my emerald dagger
Dan, and you know that.
As you near the glow
you can hear
the crunching
of something crunchy
as well as low rumbling growls
that sound like some sort of
animal.
Is it coming from where we're walking to?
It's coming from the
source of the glow
or that direction at any rate.
Are you supposed to scare him?
Well, first you gotta
test the sitch.
Is this a quadruped
or a biped coming towards me?
Okay.
You're in charge now.
I think I heard two footsteps
but it could have been four.
I'm pretty drunk.
Are we supposed to...
Is the idea of a bear attack
that you're supposed to play dead?
I wish a bigfoot would attack me.
We're with that guy.
Guys,
why don't we form a perimeter?
Let's try to surround it a little bit.
I go, get out of here!
Get out of here!
How close are we to the glowing?
How close?
You can't see the source of it.
If I climb a tree,
will I be able to get a good look at it?
Perhaps.
Holy shit!
Agee?
In the complete darkness.
Dude, I haven't done this since I was 10!
This is awesome!
Holy shit!
This is a mountain goat.
He's way up there.
I see something.
Yeah.
You see the glow.
The source of the glow, rather.
It seems like it used to be a campfire.
Some sort of fiery camp.
It's been
scattered, scattered and destroyed.
And all you can see is the glowing embers
as well as shadows lurking around
the source of the fire.
Let's keep going towards the fire, guys.
You guys go to the fire!
It's a fire?
There's a campfire.
The dying embers of a campfire over there.
What Jess said.
I go up and examine.
I look for tracks.
Where?
Around the campfire.
Okay, well, you gotta get to the campfire first.
I run headlong.
You run headlong
to where the source of the glowing is.
You see
footprints all around.
I examine them. What do they look like?
Big footprints.
I
I reach into my knapsack
and I pour an alginate cast into it
to make a track
to make a footprint cast of it.
Not before I do.
Dan, you know I bring
an emerald dagger and alginate
wherever I fucking go.
Okay, well, I assume
after a while because we didn't charge headlong
we get there too.
That also happens.
We find him pouring a cast.
What are you doing?
Craig, what the fuck are these?
I'm preserving what appears to be
Sasquatchi and...
This campfire is Squatchy, man.
Craig, what do you think?
Dude, did you just dump that plaster in
without splatter?
Do anything with splatter technique first?
Jeff?
I don't know the first one.
I can't believe you didn't know this.
What?
When you find the print,
first you just splatter a little bit
all over the place, just splatter.
So there's no air pockets, right?
Just to get the nice coat there.
Because when you dump it in,
it distorts the evidence.
Oh, because of the weight of the alginate.
There's more footprints.
There's loads of footprints.
There's only one at a time.
Oh, that's why they don't call him Big Feet.
That makes sense.
He only ever leaves one print.
All right.
Well, he's doing that.
Is it an actual burning campfire?
Because that's a bigger deal than any footprint
that someone made of fire.
Yeah, you see, it's not a proper fire,
but there's definitely burn
burning and burned
logs and wooden pieces
that were arranged together.
They've been scattered as if someone tried to
drop kick or quickly put out the fire
in haste to make a hasty retreat.
But we saw the glow.
That means we're upon entities
that we were coming in.
This is Squatchy.
There's a Big Foot track here.
We caught Big Feet.
I examine the ground for any, like,
spore or hair or any kind of like
amateur, amateur.
Oh, spore.
Well, Craig, what would you do?
This is where we're going to live
for a while.
Guys.
I thought we were hiring into civilization.
What's this guy talking about?
Wow, all right.
I cast magic sleeping bag.
So then,
okay, let's live here.
And then, uh...
Let's move it together.
Magical sleeping bag pops into existence.
Can we advance time
and we've lived there a while?
Sure.
How long do you want
to have advanced time?
We've all got beers and we have our own alphabet.
Wait, wait, we're...
I've also carved
a rocking chair out of a sequoia.
All right, those things happen.
Steve and I are married.
We have an agreement
that when we get back,
we won't talk about it, but
we're doing what we have to do
to survive inside.
We're Mount Married.
And I proved Big Foot exists to four people.
All right.
So we're there.
This is the key morning.
We wake up.
You're waked up.
There's a campfire.
It's burning.
You've been maintaining it
for however long you've been there.
All right.
You hear footsteps
approaching from the north.
Here it is.
It's coming, guys.
It's burning firewood, man.
They're cutting all this shit.
I know, this place is like a parking lot now.
A couple more trees
and we have to start a rock concert.
I just, out of idle curiosity,
go towards the sound of the footsteps.
You go towards the sound of the footsteps
and you see an old barefoot
and, man, holding a rifle.
Oh, shit.
It's only a game, sir.
It's only a game.
Does he look like a...
He's a human being?
Oh, he's the humanist of beings.
I look at his feet,
so I know it's not one of those old gags.
What?
He doesn't have giant feet, right?
No.
Just holding a rifle.
Old man,
take a look at our lives.
What's that?
We're a lot like you.
That's Neil Young.
We're just here looking...
Originally, we were trying to find a gas station,
but
we are now looking for Bigfoot.
What's your name, old man?
Skeeter.
Y'all look like some big feats.
No.
No, I mean...
We're good people.
We're improving.
I dropped my pants and...
I mean, I...
We're wearing clothes for a while.
I throw my emerald dagger at his heart.
All right.
Well, I mean, okay.
You know what?
I stop and I go meta for a second.
I guess my goal was to, like,
meet Bigfoot and
have Craig, like, start crying
as he touched Bigfoot's face.
But you know what?
What business is that of mine?
Why am I trying to turn his passion
and his religion into my sideshow bullshit?
Why are you playing God?
Yeah. I think it's fantastic that he...
Honey, why are you playing God?
Yeah.
That he came up here and shared his...
I think the most amazing thing is, like,
that this thing keeps going and going and going.
Are you going to continue to go out there and...
This is the 10-year anniversary
of when I took a moped trip
through the Pacific Northwest.
Did you say moped?
Yeah, a moped.
Right now is a 10-year anniversary
of the last time I heard someone say moped.
Yeah.
Your goal, you're kind of, like,
tempting fate, like, you want to get lost.
You want the...
Yeah, I had the shittiest maps and maps blew off
my little basket I made
and just... I'm like, oh, don't know where that...
How to get anywhere now.
This is after that morning with Briana
and you're like, I got to go find a monster
and then 30 miles out, you're like, whoops!
Yeah.
No, you love her very much, I'm sure.
The...
So it's the 10-year anniversary,
like, you...
and you're still plunging in here after...
I'm thinking I'm going to go on another trip,
but slightly shorter,
since we have a kid, like,
six weeks, five weeks.
Maybe take the kid into the woods and, like,
look at the denseness of the...
that thing can happen.
This is where... this is the cosmos.
Yeah, I'm not going to tell him, like,
you know, Pigfoot does or doesn't exist,
but, like, I don't want to live in a world
where I have to say, Pigfoot doesn't exist.
Yeah. Or that he does.
Yeah.
The human mind is capable of anything.
That's amazing. You have the opportunity now
to go do what your stepdad did wrong.
Failed. You failed father.
Yeah. It's to go out there
and give your son an adventure
exactly what it... whatever it wanted to be.
Yeah, what it should have been
in the first place. That's so beautiful, man.
All right, that's beautiful. If you see Craig out there
buying a drink and don't get invasive
and...
but understand... I got the right...
I got a good crotch gusset.
You got wet?
My pants.
His crotch got wet
from the condensation on his cup.
Oh, okay. I thought...
So if you see him out there, he didn't wet his pants.
Thank you.
I was saying buying a drink and I thought he was going like,
I can't and then there was like pee.
I can't. They can't buy me a drink.
They can't.
When you're bigfooting in the woods, you can't...
There's no time to go take a leak.
All right, well, let's have a hand for Craig.
Give him a warm hug out there.
Yeah.
That's...
That's Portland
and that's humanity.
That's...
I just broke my teeth on the microphone.
I don't know.
Well, I don't know. Somehow that...
there's some intersection there.
The Northwest mentality.
The human species.
The idea that you bring with you.
This giant brain that can create anything.
It takes all the weird shit that goes into it.
A bunch of pain and a bunch of pleasure and it spits out
like...
anything.
And those things can be passed on to people
or they can heal them.
We don't give ourselves enough credit as a species
because what are giraffes doing right now?
They're not having a podcast.
They're...
I'm not saying they should be extinct,
but they haven't earned shit.
They're fucking horses that were like,
I want to eat that apple.
They're garbage animals.
They've had longer time on this planet
and they did not create Wi-Fi.
Just saying.
If we were to talk to them,
right now they'd be like,
could we make a neck that could get to the moon?
That would be their solution.
They'd be like, maybe we can eat the moon.
They'd be like, no, the earth is a fucking burnt crisp
because they don't last long on these planets.
We're assholes.
We're a horrible animal.
We're a hyper-intelligent chimpanzee
that decided that we would take all this power
and fuck things up,
but we're also maybe going to get some of those giraffes
and they will thank us later
when we give them the power to speak.
We'll be like, ladies and gentlemen,
it's 2078 AD.
We're orbiting on Zoo One
and the first giraffe is about to speak.
What do you have to say, Jeffrey?
Thank you.
You're welcome, motherfucker.
You're welcome.
You're coming down awfully hard
on giraffes right now, Dan.
I hate giraffes.
I think they represent everything that humans don't
because it's all adaptation and no risk.
I think having an enormous neck is a huge risk.
No, it's not. It's not at all.
It's the opposite of risk.
No, I'm telling you, there's a principle in evolution that's like...
It's so establishable.
If there's a biologist in the audience,
there's two principles of evolution.
One is becoming hyper-compatible with your environment.
So the extreme example of that is the hummingbird
because it has like this beak
that's really designed for a certain flower.
If that flower goes extinct,
the hummingbird is fucked.
On the other end of that spectrum,
we have the things that we admire, which is adaptability.
We have a weird robot claw
that is designed to grab random shit.
So you can drop us on the North Pole.
You can drop us anywhere.
No matter where you drop us,
we'll live long enough to fuck it up.
But for a long time,
following that strategy made us the food
of wolves and cats.
These biological killing machines
and they were like, where do you think you're going with this garbage?
You're walking upright.
You look like idiots. I'm going to eat you.
And your babies are pudding.
Your babies are made of pudding.
And one in two of them die
and they cry when they need to be picked up,
which is a dinner bell.
You are doing everything wrong.
But it's like, it's a gamble.
It's a gamble. And now every primate is dying off,
not just because of us, but it's like,
we did it. We fucking took this planet.
We fucking took it.
We were not supposed to.
I like the idea of... Bees were supposed to.
Fuck bees.
Fuck them.
What's wrong with bees?
I'm not mad at bees. I forget I'm in Portland.
I like the idea of taking a child out
and going to do something as
arbitrary and mythological
and probably nonsensical.
Let's go find a bigfoot.
That makes much more sense than going fishing.
You're going to eat that mic, bro.
You're going to eat that mic.
They can hear me.
I'm sorry, I wasn't attacking it.
I was just worried that they couldn't hear you.
You go fishing.
You're just casting a hook
into the water, which is a subconscious,
which is like the unseen.
The whole point of going fishing is to sit there
and waste time and connect with somebody else
that you're with. I think it's just as
likely to have fun and be more important
and go monster hunting.
I think that's very cool. I like that a lot.
It's not like we don't find monsters
every day.
There are so many species.
Even tonight, you might find
a monster.
Let's bring
my
eternal muse, the other half of my existence.
Jonah Ray, everybody!
Jonah Ray is here!
My
beautiful wife,
the son of my solar system,
Erin McGathy.
Erin McGathy!
Erin McGathy wearing wet socks.
My Quaker
Anne of Green Gables couture.
I bought this in Portland.
Everything I'm wearing is by a Portland
person.
It's $8,000.
It's what the discriminating
Flemish
lady is wearing this
300 years ago.
When we burn you at the steak,
we're going to know why.
Because you're hot.
Not a pun on fire.
Because you're sexy and sexy women
are the victims
of misogyny.
Break it down.
Sexy women must burn!
Unless they take over.
I loved Squatch Finder.
It was great.
Couple notes.
Happy Mother's Day, everybody.
I would have sent
my mother flowers, but
there's this groundskeeper at the cemetery
to help me.
I told you.
That's been a show. Good night, everybody.
She's like the Mad Max
of Dead Mom Jokes.
When you find a can of dog food,
you know how to
eat most of it.
Then the dog gets the can and you're like,
don't take my Dead Mom Jokes.
It's sad.
Would you tease me about it sometimes?
Sometimes it does make me feel bad
and...
That's a relief.
Sometimes.
This is the best.
No, it's great.
I like joking about it.
Did you wish your mom would have taken you
to do something as interesting and specific
as Sasquatch Hunting?
She took me to Michael's a few times.
Did you buy some yarn?
Needle point?
My mom used to make
rice dolls
which were her
own invention, I think,
which were bags.
She would buy fabric and fill it with raw rice
and then put a wooden head on top
and they would be female heroines
from literature
and they were pretty sad.
No, I thought they were great.
My mom was a very creative person.
I feel like
I'm going to see her head floating.
You made little rice
Anna Karina's?
Well, there was Anna Green Gables.
There was
Elizabeth Bennett from Pride and Prejudice.
Anna Karina I think is too...
I think all the characters she wanted
to explain to me what happened in the end
and not have it be weird.
You should start making those again
and sell them as iPhone
waterlogged iPhone savers
where you put them
in the women's mouths
into the rice.
What do you think of
your... I don't know if this is
a huge precipice to fall off of,
but I'm just curious when you make a joke
about your mom's floating head being here,
do you think about your mom
and imagine what she would say
if she was watching you
and what do you have
thoughts about that stuff?
Oh, if my mom were here right now.
Yeah, I mostly imagine
her glare.
I mean, there's no...
I wish I...
Yeah.
Do you dream about her?
Did she ever come to you?
I do. This is very sad.
I dream about her very frequently
and the dream is always us hanging out
and me saying, I thought you were dead.
And her saying, oh, no, no, no, no.
No, I'm totally alive
and everything's fine.
I'm like, let's hang out and now you're an adult.
And I'm like, this is the best.
I've been dead for so long and then I wake up
and pick up the phone.
At the end of those dreams, do you go to bed
because you might be like that guy
in that short-lived conceptual cop show
Awake, what's it called?
Like, you might be living two lives
that are both equally real.
Like, maybe your mom is alive
and then you're going to sleep
and then this is the dream.
I should search for my mom with Craig
in the forest.
Chipmunk!
What did you think of Jeff's behavior in that game?
You know, I...
I was trying to have fun.
I mean, I enjoyed...
I was trying to help us find Bigfoot.
I enjoyed the banter, but I guess I was on Jeff's side.
Oh, okay.
We brought too much supernatural power
to search for Bigfoot.
It just kind of undercut the...
We agreed that we were playing a Pathfinder version of that game.
I thought they don't have special skills
and abilities.
I mean, I don't want to give anyone notes,
but, Dan, why'd you
scare away the Bigfeet?
Like, you're coming towards them
and then you heard something
and then you're like, get out of here!
And then they all ran away.
I was trying to summon magical creatures
to find the Bigfeet.
Someone said, let's make a perimeter
and then you just negated that and said,
get out of here!
You didn't want to find Bigfoot.
What's wrong with you? Who in the show?
I'm the bad guy!
What I was doing was I was like...
We just care about you!
And you shut us down!
Why don't you gobble your milk?
Kettle.
I didn't perceive what I was doing
in that moment as being counterproductive.
I perceived it as the opposite.
I was getting a little tipsy at that point.
That's what Michelini said.
You want to know the truth. Here's a high road for you.
I was worried about you.
I was thinking about you up there and you're like,
what the fuck is this Bigfoot thing taking forever?
You'll be thinking about her.
She doesn't know about that.
From her perspective, it's like we were in space
traveling at the speed of light.
You didn't like that I was breaking the reality
of us out in the woods being actual people?
If you have an emerald dagger and low-light vision
and you meet a Bigfoot, wouldn't you just be like,
who cares?
I think if you have so many rules for it.
That was my problem.
Thank you for defending me, Erin. I appreciate that.
You're welcome. First and last time.
I made a huge mistake.
I do this on community too.
Everything that I plan,
every time I get an idea and I'm like,
we should do that, that's when the trouble starts.
Everything that I'm like, oh fuck it.
I don't know, just this. That's what makes people happy.
How did you see that ending in your head
when we started?
I'll tell you the truth. You asked an honest question.
It deserves an honest answer and I'm going to embarrass myself
and I'm the one that needs help. I'm fucked up.
Please appreciate my candor. Reward it.
Don't judge me.
I truly
thought in my head,
there was some moment where
we came to a clearing and
Bigfoot was there and Spencer
in all of his, I'm going to say
Aspergerie, it's an overused phrase.
Spencer's detachment,
which I share with him, his compartmentalization,
it would all add up to this crazy thing.
It would be like the celebration
of how we're all fucked up
and nerdy and detached,
it would all combine in this network
to create this nerdy role-playing
thing where this guy who
was really smart and sensitive was
actually fucking touched Bigfoot
and that we would all burst into
3,000 tears.
And that was
my mistake. Why would I decide
that's the future and then try to make
a beeline for that instead of just embracing the moment?
I didn't meet that guy by planning to meet him.
I met him organically.
I'm not being glib. Why then
do you think it's instinct to scare Bigfoot off of it?
I thought it was taking too long
so I thought maybe that would make
Bigfoot come out.
If I said get out of here, get out of here,
I thought Spencer would go
lumbering down the trees.
Because Spencer's kind of a contrarian
so I thought if I said get out of here
I thought I could trick Spencer into punishing me
by having a Bigfoot not get out of there.
Because Spencer would be like
don't tell me what to do.
Bigfoot's come from everywhere
because you said get out of here.
The trees turned into Bigfoot.
You know, I think the role playing
session went over really well.
I don't think you should
fish for that. I don't think they're falling for it
because they're from Portland. Oh, I wasn't.
Yeah, I don't care what they think.
They live in a world where somebody sets up a donut shop
and is like I think these donuts are all right.
How many of you out there were disappointed
when I summoned Chipmunk?
The Chipmunk did not appear.
We all wanted that, right?
But we're talking in circles,
but I just think if you're on a Bigfoot hunt
the scale comes down to Bigfoot has to be
the most amazing thing you've ever encountered.
So like if you watched
contact with Jodie Foster and there were like
aliens working with her
hey, hey, Nim num
do you have a reading on the Foxtrot 7?
Me bop boop bop boop bop boop
Okay, let's keep trying to make
contact. He's a fucking
she's talking to a worm creature.
I'm a writer.
It's kind of like being a bounty hunter
like I'm not officially allowed
to have more respect, but I should have it.
That's why I put myself out there a lot.
I've been through some shit. I'm like dog the bounty hunter.
I enjoyed it.
I would like to actually do more.
I feel like for the first, we only played for what
10 or 15 minutes of that, right?
I think that was a good first 10, 15 minutes.
I would like to play more of that
like us meeting Bigfoot role-playing
game would be very fun.
Could I be the chipmunk?
Yes, Erin. Thank you.
In the marriage of Steve Agee and Dan Harmon,
let's say it continued.
What would a lazy Saturday be like
for you guys?
Oh, it wouldn't be lazy
for us though.
What time do you wake up? Do you guys
eat together? Like what does that look like?
It was a weekend?
Yes, it was a Saturday.
Just our bed of pine needles.
I feel like it would work.
I feel like it would work really well.
Because I feel like Agee and I are
two lazy motherfuckers.
I feel like I'm really mean to you
unfairly because you're too symbolic
because you're my wife.
There's all these tickets you didn't buy
so I'm mean to you
for artificial dishonest reasons.
So if I was in a
weird relationship,
oh god, it's just called gay people weird.
If I was
in an awesome
relationship,
one that was unexpected to me
with Steve,
it would force me
to stop playing recordings of my dad
when I talk to my partner and I think
when I'm mean to you, it's not
me. I mean, I ship it.
Okay, good.
Well, let's do it.
No, I should just think of you
as Steve Agee. That's the thing.
Yes, I could do it.
Hey,
I'll show up everywhere
first.
I'm always saying when we have fights
I think this is how everybody probably
has frustrations because the person that you're
with, there was that whole high fidelity
monologue where it's like the people
that we love, that we take the closest
to us, they are treated to these really
unfair metrics.
You watch a stranger walk down the street
and her ratty panties aren't hanging from
our curtain. That was that monologue.
No, I'm not saying it. Don't get distracted.
Don't get distracted by that.
That's a metaphor for the fact that
the people that we're with every day,
we're being so unfair to them, but they're the people that we trust.
And it has to do with self-loathing
because we like the way we look through strangers' eyes
because we hate ourselves.
We're actually being more dishonest when we first
meet somebody and then
we slowly gain intimacy, which should be a
gateway to unprecedented levels of
honesty and instead sometimes there's a little
plant that comes down and you go like,
well, this person knows me now and I'm kind of ashamed
of myself and you start to play out these
operas that you saw your parents play out.
I'm not blaming anything.
We should all work towards it, but that's what happens.
I'm ashamed of myself when I fight with you
because I hear myself
saying things that I don't actually
feel. I just have a relationship
and then the relationship is making
me go like, well, I should
be mean right now.
Can we try something?
Because I have a new tactic.
We're going to do a little role play.
We're at
a frozen yogurt place.
You're at a frozen yogurt place.
This one
you're into.
You scared the Sasquatches.
It's like pulling fucking teeth to get us in the woods
and meet Bigfoot.
You scared him away.
I'm just a world simulator, Dan.
I don't have thoughts.
Just try to react as
we're at a yogurt shop.
We're sitting down, we're eating yogurt.
Can I get another?
Oh God, she's the best.
Has anyone given her a medal?
That's Tori.
I like that it's scaled down, so I won't notice.
It's a slightly smaller cup.
Can I get a whiskey, please, on the rocks?
What do you want? Whiskey?
A whiskey, please?
Nice try, Uncle Bob.
One for my lawyer over here.
That's Tori, I'll forget to thank him later.
That's Tori and then Mandy.
Tori, two whiskeys on the rocks, please, if you don't mind.
Thank you, Mandy, and thank you,
the people over there that are giving you drinks
and dealing with this giant one.
It's like chilled Casadores.
We're at a yogurt shop.
And just react as honestly.
Just react how you would react,
reading our yogurt.
Are we all here or just you two?
It's just us. You guys are waiting in the car.
I have...
I have an emerald dagger.
All right.
Jeff, you...
Jeff...
I love that that culminated in a high five.
Jeff sucks dick like one of those water birds.
Yeah, he does.
But he's so good at it, that's how it works.
Like the comb keeps him bobbing.
It was just like, come, come...
Yeah, he makes you come that fast,
like that consistently, so...
Steve, do you feel guilty about cheating on Dan?
Well, no, he's cheating on me.
He's in a yogurt shop with this chick.
Dan, I think you're a little rude
to me in front of the yogurt lady.
I didn't... I didn't like that.
I...
Well, I...
Why are you trying to make me apologize?
I'm not trying to make you apologize.
So let's go five minutes.
Okay.
So now I'm like, like, fuck you.
Yeah, hysterical.
Get a job.
You...
You're three episodes behind on community
and it pays your rent.
Fuck you.
You should feel bad about things.
Not just me.
Get even angrier.
Like, you don't have to...
Well, are we...
At this point, it's usually when we've split up
and I'm just texting you horrible Kevin Spacey,
like, fucking, like...
Fuck off, fuck you.
Okay.
So my reaction, my planned reaction
is what I'm gonna do, like, if you're looking in my face,
just say I hate you in a very angry...
Like, yell at me and say I hate you.
Okay, my line is, I hate you.
I hate you.
Uh, hey, man.
You wanna get high?
Uh, uh...
It's TVG.
Yeah.
Um...
Hey, I was just, uh...
I was just at...
I was just at Sarah's and, uh...
All right, man.
Uh, can I...
Can I just sit here and play on my phone?
Yeah, man, you're a guy that gets me high. It's fine.
All right, cool.
All right.
So I'll do that.
I will try that. I'll do a...
Hey, man.
Well, yeah, I mean,
I remember when you first met my parents
and we were like...
It was so weird because
I kept getting upset because
of your parents, like, there's no way
you can ever become, like...
You always, like, prep yourself.
You're like, okay, now I'm 58.
My parents are almost dead.
I'm definitely...
I'm done with this.
I'm not gonna start acting like a child.
And then we started playing catchphrase with my parents
and I was on my mom's team and she was like,
I don't know, Tweety Bird?
And I'm like, the buzzer went off and I went,
Yeeeeww, cunt!
Uh, where did that come from?
Where did that come from?
But it was...
I called my mom the C word.
Holy shit.
Because she couldn't guess what Tweety Bird was
or something.
But it was because within three minutes
of her arriving, like,
in front of Erin, like, my mom has this weird,
like, capacity for...
She doesn't understand what she's doing.
She could figure out how to call you fat,
like, without...
She's like Houdini of calling you fat.
And then she...
It was in my boot.
There's no way she...
She has to call me fat somehow.
She always figures it out within three minutes.
Like, let me know how much weight I've gained.
And I was just like, it's unbelievable.
And then I swallow that down and then I'm like...
I mean, they say to not date a man
who has issues with his mother.
But the gag became like...
You can double down.
So I was getting jostled.
And then we were...
We were not married yet.
We were very...
We were fresh.
I was going to say very much in love.
And then I was like, okay.
And so we would...
Before I really got things changed with Steve.
I was getting riled up.
But then I would get riled up
and I would start to spill over into Erin
and then you...
You were like, hey,
I love you.
And then I would go, I love you.
But it was sort of like a joke.
It was kind of ironic.
And then my dad started doing the joke
of everyone was just saying I love you
and that became the running joke.
Any time someone started to get upset,
everyone would just say I love you.
So it was a joke.
But that we all operated as a healthy family for...
It was like a bit.
Let's do that bit
where we stop getting angry
and say I love you.
That's how we needed to parse it.
Was this before you called your mom a cunt or after?
No, I mean, it was during.
It was during.
Ordinarily...
I think what happened is I called my mom a cunt
and then I said, I love you.
I've never told you this
and I had forgotten about it.
But I was going through my old iPad pictures
and I had my iPad with me
that night and I have a picture
that's a selfie.
I'm assuming I'm not the only one
who takes pictures of themselves in moments
that are like, remember that moment
when you were here in this place
and there's a picture of me
wide-eyed.
I'll post it somewhere with Dan
and his parents in the background
and I'm just like...
This is where you are.
This is this moment.
Either in three years you'll be married
or you'll be telling stories about this
insane night.
I did not know that you were going through that.
I thought you were
like this earth goddess
that was like, your tendrils were just
affecting us and that we were psycho
and it wasn't affecting you.
Oh no, I was like...
Please don't take back
calling me an earth goddess.
I'll kill myself.
I am an earth goddess.
I wasn't having a bad time
but there was obviously so much tension
and Dan's mom
was calling him fat
and it was very strange
and Dan's dad was on my team
and would kiss me after every round
and I'm like, what is...
But not in that way.
But in a like, hey, I don't know,
he's kind of a...
Hey!
You know...
Just fist.
No, I don't...
No, I wasn't even making a hitting joke.
I was imagining someone's...
licking someone's fist for some reason.
Just like a...
Why am I sharing these thoughts?
Just...
Just a kiss.
Just a light kiss on the lips.
But it was a different memory I have.
I was like...
But that's not entirely fair to my dad
because there was a point where it was like...
Because you two were such assholes together
because you were winning
and you're both incredibly competitive.
I learned how to play poker for my dad
and I learned how to cheat
from my dad because he would cheat
and the only way I learned how to cheat
was by catching him cheating.
My dad would play poker with children and cheat.
Like...
He would like stand up and I'd be like...
Ace of Hearts under your ass!
You fucking dick!
He would take IOUs from us
and I would like mow the lawn.
I'd be like, here's your five dollars.
Like fucking my dad, yeah.
But like, you know...
He was a good sport.
And I cheated.
And obviously I'm like...
But you and him
way more similar than you should...
Like comfortable.
And you were winning a catchphrase.
So the two of you erupted
in an amorous fit.
So there was a round where my mom couldn't get
Tweety Bird and I'm like, you cunt!
And the next round is like...
My dad was like, it's like a guy
in a fever, you're like John Travolta
and you're both like, yay! And you made out!
And it was your
choice.
Because you were very excited.
Why did you not initiate?
I remember, it's not re-write history.
You fucking made out with my dad.
And it's because
you guys are the same person
and...
You're so competitive.
I
just wanted to see what it would be like.
Obviously
it turned me on, obviously.
Why wouldn't I...
Why would I remember it if it didn't?
I'm gonna go...
Let's cut the show early. I'm gonna go jerk off to
Aaron
making out with my dad during catchphrase.
No.
So
we started a little late
but I imagine there's another show after this
so we can't go over.
There's an...
It's not up to you.
There's someone in the back going
do these people know what they're doing?
I'm sure there's some guy coming in
that's gonna sweat it if we fuck up.
So we should definitely try
to...
I'm sure these people probably want to see us
do a proper
Shadowrun time, you guys.
Why not?
I'm enjoying Shadowrun as a game.
I like the Shadowrun world.
It seems like...
It's just a good time.
Just a good time.
I felt a little
forward during our Bigfoot campaign
when I tried to talk to Chipmunks.
I came down on you too hard.
It was because my ambition.
My ambition is the enemy of my friendships.
I should be more intimate and in the moment with you guys.
I should not plan ahead.
I'm a megalomaniac.
I try to control things.
It's interesting.
You were trying to meet Sasquatch by shooting him away
and trying to beat Spencer to the contrarian punch
and I was trying to meet...
The best way I knew how to meet a mythological beast
was by being in the mythological universe.
Yeah.
That's deep.
I don't believe that.
I feel like you just wanted to have an emerald dagger.
A low light vision.
I don't think you thought that was going to attract Bigfoot.
No, I thought that would be the fastest way
to use low light vision and an emerald dagger
to communicate with Chipmunks.
Yeah. If you knew how dumb that sound.
But you know
Chipmunks aren't going to help you.
That was just you.
I wanted to communicate with the forest
and link into the world.
Jeff, be Steve.
Be Steve.
Be Steve?
Yeah, just try it.
No, she's saying,
say hey man and offer to be high
because now I'm turning into an asshole.
All right.
Dan, do you want to pass down the character sheet
so we can kick this motherfucker off?
All right.
No, I wasn't really mad.
I didn't want to have a moment backstage.
Wait, what?
We were both trying to help in different ways
and it was cross purposes.
Yeah, so who is Steve playing?
Will he be Dr. Friend?
I think I gave him Dr. Friend.
I walked by those same two
homeless guys earlier today
and they called me beautiful.
Yeah.
Were those the guys who liked my coat?
Yeah, they called me.
Speaking to the vanity thing, they called me beautiful
and I was like, oh, thank you.
And then I passed by them another time
and I...
And I may have even brushed my hair
before I turned the corner.
Oh, Portland.
I'm enjoying your puritanical outfit, Aaron.
I like that look on you.
Thank you.
What is sexy about that?
Because I saw you like very beautiful
and I don't know what it is
because it's like not typically like, I don't know.
I like the clean lines.
Thank you.
You like the clean line?
Simple?
Yeah, the unbridled kind of
stability.
Unbridled stability.
This is your new perfume, right?
Yeah.
That would be the worst title
to our podcast of all time.
She takes no chances.
She's reliable.
We're unbridled, meets sensitivity.
She doesn't go out because it's unsafe.
She believes in witches.
She might be one. She might not.
All right, Spencer, shall we let's?
Shall we let's?
Do we have a guest backup artist?
Yeah,
Theo from Finland.
Theo from Finland?
Wait, is that a character?
It's the new character Dan's playing.
No, it's...
He wrote the recap.
We invite people to write our recaps
if you ever want to write what Spencer does
and recaps our last venture.
I was asking if we needed somebody...
I'm wasting our last 10 minutes.
I was asking if we needed anybody to play.
Anybody.
Are we missing a character, Spencer?
I mean, yeah, but it's fine.
Let's just do it.
We have a gang of friends upstairs.
We can bring somebody else down if you want.
We got... Yep.
Is Jonah right here?
Jonah, you want to come down?
Jonah Ray, everybody!
Oh, no, oh, no.
This guy.
Freestyle Jonah, freestyle.
Pattern shirts.
Man, that song just got me so fucking pumped.
It did, it did feel like, it was like,
let's do a different kind of show.
Maybe we should have come out to that.
Alright, play it again, play it again.
Let's fucking fire this up.
From the top, from the top.
Just for a second, just for one, two, three.
Yo.
Do you have nightblade rap?
Do you have nightblade?
Yo.
Fuck it.
Fuck.
Yo.
Pour it land.
On the ocean.
Yo.
I'm back to eat seafood.
I got, I got your mama and I'm in the mood.
I'm gonna go to the northwest and cut down some wood.
I'm gonna find big food.
I'm gonna camp with your mama.
Gonna, gonna fuck her and ride away on a llama.
Dumb, dumb rhyme.
Yo.
Yo, it's Portland time.
I wanna have a massage and fly a kite.
I'm gonna walk my dog but walk the fucker right.
It's a pretty flat place with a lot of stuff for your dog.
Space, with floor space.
Yo.
Go to Doodle.
Spring, spring, spring.
Springer spaniel.
Yo.
I got a big dog.
A working green and I saw logs.
My dog's real smart but he doesn't think that I don't have a heart
because he's got lots of land to walk in
and I'm in Portland.
Have a donut.
Nice.
Don't, don't patronize me.
I appreciate, I understand.
You, you paid $100.
I understand you need to think that was entertaining.
I don't want to deflect a compliment.
People stood in line for three hours for that round.
But don't debase yourself.
You have Stockholm syndrome.
It was a bad rap.
You admire a bad person.
Everything you think is entertaining is bad.
Have a good week.
And he disappears.
Hey Jonah.
Hi Jonah, how's it going?
I'm glad I inspired freestyle rap.
It happens to me all the time.
Which character is Jonah gonna play for Spencer?
I got, I got, what's his name?
Hordegaard.
We were joking at breakfast.
Jonah Ray, his last name is Ray.
So we were talking about the, what you call your fans.
Like the people that like bones,
Hart Hansen calls them boneheads.
And that Jonah Ray jokingly at one point
addressed his fans as Ray Pists.
That was a real bad idea.
Every once in a while a guy still comes up to him
in like a fabric store and is like,
hey man, I've been a rapist for five years.
Really like your...
No, no, no, no, not here.
Not at the fabric store, which I commonly frequent.
Anywhere but here.
I was a rapist before I met my wife.
Then I turned her on to it.
No, she's a rapist too.
The only other option is Jonah Ray'sist.
And I don't know if that's even any better.
I'm a Jonah Ray'sist.
Oh, no.
All right, so you know the rules.
You have a sheet of paper full of arithmetic
that you're too drunk to read.
And Spencer is a beleaguered genius
that suffers through...
Hey, that's very kind.
It's not a joke.
I appreciate it.
I love you.
I love you too.
He says staring into the bottle...
I can't look at you, but I love you.
Look him in the eye and say it, Dan.
Make eye contact with Spencer.
Make eye contact with Steve and say it.
That I love you?
Yeah.
Steve...
What?
I love Spencer.
What the fuck?
He wasn't even...
It was just the abuse of Steve.
All right.
Spencer, I got you high.
This is...
This is what weed brings.
All right, Spencer, you ready to rock?
Here we go.
A little shadow run.
Yo.
Yeah.
Shadow run.
Circuitry.
Neuromancer.
Inspired by William Gibson.
Fuck your mom so hard.
She had some lips and...
Shit.
Okay.
Last time on Shadow Run.
The gang was back at the bar where they found a mysterious magenta clad man...
Magenta clad man with a bow and arrow.
Meanwhile, Jim sat in the car guarding the restrained Arturo,
not convinced with his reassurances.
Nightblade went John Travolta in the back seat
and blew the helpless gangster's brains out
before throwing the stiff in the nearest dumpster.
The gang's fist fixer, Teddy, revealed
he hired a brooding bowman, Hacker, called Hackeye,
who was around to help with scrubbing surveillance data
and destroying digital evidence.
And the gang found themselves a new gig,
acquiring Baldwin Brown's research from a brain clinic
secured with vibration sensors, cameras, and guards.
The runners agreed to jump in Hackeye, whatever that meant,
but would his prowess help them pull off their first clean Shadow Run?
Would he be able to keep deflecting Mercy's moves
or would he get his boffin's balls kissed?
Find out. Harmon Time.
Thank you.
Thanks again to Tio from Finland.
So, you guys, you're at Hank's Last Stand.
It's a rusty old bar. You're in the middle.
You've got Hackeye, the magenta-clad stranger
with a bow and arrow, sitting, drinking a water,
and you guys just got your mission from Mr. Johnson.
The mission again is to do what, sorry?
You've got to retrieve research files
that belong to Baldwin Brown from the confines
of Mind Plus Limited, the brain clinic.
Can you refresh me on what we had done to Baldwin Brown?
Did we just hand him over?
You hand him over to a company. You sold him to a company.
So, there's files belonging to him that we want.
These files are in Mind Plus Limited.
They're his research.
And they kind of scolded us on our last...
Not them. That was Teddy.
I just care about you guys.
Yeah, we're kind of like bad Shadow Runners.
We were just told, good job, you finished,
but your score is low.
I pulled the whole team aside except for Hackeye,
whom we've just met, and we're told it will be helpful.
And we said, when we talked about jumping this guy in,
how do we know we can trust this guy?
There must be some sort of procedure.
But he was recommended by cool Ted?
Teddy. Right?
I mean, we can do what we did when we first met,
when we were testing each other.
Give an old Tennessee Reach Around.
Tennessee Reach Around, yeah.
Tennessee Reach Around.
Yeah, let's take him out back.
Let's all give him a Tennessee Reach Around.
Yes, yeah.
We all wink at each other knowingly.
Yeah.
Who's playing?
Are we about to rape somebody?
I don't understand what the fuck is that.
What the fuck is a Tennessee Reach Around?
Is someone playing this character?
I love Jonah Ray.
It's got him pretty edgy.
As I remember the Tennessee Reach Around,
what it is is we say we're going to trust each other,
and the hardest thing to do ever is to have someone behind you.
Right.
How can everybody in a group always have someone watching their back?
The answer is the Tennessee Reach Around.
We hold a weapon in our right hand,
and we make them expose some skin on their stomach,
and we say, I'm not going to hurt you there.
You have to stand still, and if they stand still for a minute
and believe you, then they get that weapon.
And they get to join the team.
And that's the Tennessee Reach Around.
There's no reaching around.
Or Tennessee.
It started in Tennessee.
I thought...
Yes, and.
I caught myself.
Were you about to tell everyone to get out of their get?
No, I was going to pitch a different thing.
If you remember it differently, it's been so long.
I thought it was when we all got in a kind of leapfrog type line
where everyone gets to experience someone whispering in their ear,
you got your back, bro. And then you go around
so that everyone knows that everyone's got their back.
You can just stand in a circle.
And say, I got your back.
Everyone's behind everyone else's back.
Oh, yeah. God damn it.
Wait, who are you?
Hordergaard. My name's Hordergaard.
Oh, okay. Yeah, he's the smart one.
Yeah, let's do it in a circle.
We all go out in the parking lot in the back,
and we get in a circle, and on the count of three,
we're all going to say, I got your back.
Okay.
One, two, two.
So what do we say on three, or one, two, three, go.
We'll say it on the four.
Whatever we're four.
Can I just ask before we do this,
should we jerk each other off?
Well, no. That's only if we end to see reach around.
A lot of people ask that.
Shouldn't we have a secret?
No, this isn't...
I say, can I make a pitch?
Yeah.
One, two, three, we all whisper gently,
I got your back, and then if you want to start jerking somebody off,
you can, but you only got eight seconds.
That's called a Tennessee reach around
with a Seattle finish.
I don't know.
I thought maybe they hated Seattle.
I took a chance.
Who's standing behind who?
Huh? Who's standing behind who?
I'm standing behind Hordergaard for sure.
All right.
So one, two, three, I got your back.
If you want to jerk somebody off, eight seconds,
I think we're done.
But you can't make them.
Right. Otherwise, we...
They have to be exposed.
So if you want to expose yourself in that moment
and put your hand around...
I guess the cleanest way to do this
is for us to all take our pants down
before we start this.
Dick's out.
Dick's out?
I'm a woman, so...
Yeah, we're both women.
I'm going to say, you know,
it's a lot more invasive to be entered
as opposed to just like tug, so maybe just like a pat.
Entered.
Also, I'm a dwarf,
so are you going to be able to reach down
and around?
Most certainly.
Okay, good.
How can the person in front of you let you know
that they're open to this if we're all dropping our pants?
Every...
Everyone that's available for this
do pigtails.
When we count to three, you pull up your pants
if you don't want it.
On the count of three?
I have to urinate really bad,
so nothing might come out.
What if you pee instead of cum?
Exactly.
On the count of three, everybody close your eyes.
If you want to take your pants down,
you take your pants down.
Then we open our eyes, you look at the person in front of you,
if their pants are down, that means they're open
to reach around with Seattle Finish.
Then we count to three again,
and then we say, I got you back,
and then if you want to jerk somebody off,
eight seconds.
Why don't we all just fuck?
It's clearly what we're trying to get at,
and we're not doing it.
We're just playing these games.
Also, don't we already know each other?
We're jumping a stranger in,
but we're like really...
We don't believe in hazing.
We're a new group
and we're a techno man, so we've just met at the bar.
We don't know this guy.
So he's a robot?
He's part machine, part man, right?
So he's the one that we can't even jerk off?
No, no.
Maybe he's a jerk-off machine.
I will tell you that
in a Tennessee reach around,
there is a phrase we use for the guy
that doesn't drop his own pants
and then is willing to jerk off
the person in front of him.
What's that phrase?
Republican!
I know, exactly.
They're not conservative.
They just hate hat comedy.
Let's do it.
Wait, so hold on.
We count to three.
Close your eyes.
Take your pants off or not.
Then we count to three again.
Open your eyes, look at the person in front of you.
If the pants are down, that means they're willing
to get the Seattle finish
from the Tennessee reach around.
How are we going to show?
If your pants are down,
you raise your hand.
You don't have to raise your hand.
I'm saying to represent it on stage,
we should raise our hand.
So we close our eyes.
Who's that?
Is Hakai even with you?
Hakai is like the audience right now
and is just like, what?
Can we have somebody else?
No, he didn't get invited out back with you guys.
Oh shit, he's still at the bar.
That's good though.
We should go get him now that we know what we're doing.
Should we have Craig come back up?
Craig, are you here?
Can we all just practice our Tennessee reach arounds?
Yeah, we should practice.
We should do a practice round.
Close your eyes.
One, two, three.
And I'm inside.
Come on, Aaron.
I'm inside.
Well, this is going to work out easy.
Good job, guys.
I'm grabbing him.
You got Hakai?
Hakai, can we talk to you outside?
Yeah.
All right, this way.
Just be open-minded.
Okay.
Oh, hey man.
Hey.
Hakai,
I haven't explained to him
what's going down,
but we're going to do
our rituals.
I feel like it's pretty self-explanatory,
but laying out for it.
Spencer at the bar,
at one point was like,
I forgot my shadow run notes.
Don't worry about it.
I think we're going to be fine.
What if we saw
he got his notes and we looked at it
and it was like
needlessly arguing about
jerking each other off.
Like three seconds,
then raise your hand.
You know what?
Let's stand in the circle.
Part of this is just trusting each other.
I'm going to explain this,
and we're going to go one, two, three,
and we're going to do it.
You were here when we decided
who was going to take our pants off.
Oh, yeah.
But we should count as being given the opportunity, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So at the count of three,
if you want to get jerked off,
or
if you want to be in this brotherhood,
or what is this?
We're the toughest gang in town.
It honestly is if you want to get jerked off,
because it doesn't preclude...
Also, are you guys hard?
How is this working?
That's none of your business.
I'm a woman.
Right.
So it is...
This is one of the moments when I imagine
a floating mom head
with her eyes just...
You could have been a lawyer.
And a floating hand
coming up above the head.
There are gangs who beat the crap out of their new people,
which is a dumb move
in terms of Darwinism.
It's like, oh, this new guy,
let's make him physically injured.
This is what we do.
It's about choice.
There's no wrong answer, or so you don't know.
Let's get in the circle.
All right, let's do it.
Get in the circle.
Nice.
One.
I got your back, bro.
I got your back.
He's in.
Who's behind him?
I don't know.
Hack guy likes it.
You're behind him, right?
I'm behind you, hack guy.
That's why he dropped his pants.
He's in front of a 19-year-old...
It doesn't matter.
This is successful.
We did it.
We all just agreed to a
track off orgy.
It's a circle, sir.
We all agreed, right?
We already did it.
Now we have to do it.
Why are we closing our eyes?
Just do it.
One, two, three.
Yay!
Cliffhanger!
I got your back.
Steve A.G.
Jonah Ray.
Erin McGathy.
Spencer Crittenden.
Craig the Sasquatch Hunter.
I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor.
Dan Harmon, thank you so much.
Yeah.
Can I give a special shout-out
to Aaron's first
improv art director, Trenton Shine?
Okay.
I think she did really good
improv tonight.
I would say that was some of the
finest shadow-running we've ever done.
Yeah, we love you partly.
We love you so much. Thanks for
having us. Thanks for coming here.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.